You wait for me
Don't bother
No one will gamble
What are you looking at?
Who are you?
Who Am I?
You are the head of the Shady Hall
Overlord in the eyes of the third-rate family
And me?
Just an ant you can interview at will
Heavy Gun Destruction Day
Get up get up
If I could break his leg today
I'll give you 100,000 each
Go, this is fucking deaf, isn't it?
I'm going
What's going on here?
No one listens to you
Your boss is a failure
Brother kill me
Just by you
kill
Oh.
i
Why didn't I say anything?
Are you going to kill me?
This is a society ruled by law
I'll reason with you, you and I are hooligans
I played hooligan with you, and you talked to me about the rule of law
Now you're going to kill me
I can't kill you yet!
Equator Enzun
Why would I die?
To An Shu's ceremonial soldiers
You really don't cry when you see the coffin?
The kill order is here
Can I kill you?